Right... on the mark!
Yes!
Sorry to keep you waiting.
And there it is! Karasuno
High School's lethal weapon!
Fly
Karasuno High School
The quick attack of the first-years,
Hinata and Kageyama!
We finally got to see it.
The height of the hitter who just
scored, Hinata Shoyo, is 164 cm!
He's the shortest hitter out
of our team lineups today!
Oh, man! That was so fast!
So cool!
Karasuno                                                                        Tsubakihara
Huh?
His expression's totally changed
from the training camp.
Scary.
Not to mention...
Who the hell is he?
Haikyu!!
Miyagi
Karasuno
Episode 11: A Chance to Connect
There's a chance that Karasuno
may never be as strong as they were.
Even if it will be, I don't know
how many years it might take.
Even then...
If the opportunity comes...
Daiichi-san!
Yes!
Nice receive!
Sawamura! You're so good now!
Yeah.
You're so...
Sorry, I couldn't catch all that.
Don't just concentrate...
...on their #10.
That was a beautiful dump that basically
laughed in the face of their blocking!
Tsubakihara Academy was
caught completely off guard!
Kageyama, you bastard!
You son of a gun!
You're so annoying!
Your personality sucks!
You cheeky little...
Those were all insults!
I think the gelatin I ate
earlier is giving me energy.
My stomach is in perfect shape right now.
Step back!
He just served! The setter
won't be able to...
He did it again!
Karasuno                                                                         Tsubakihara
The setter Kageyama managed
to flow right into that set!
Hinata!
Kageyama-kun is a first-year who was invited
to the All-Japan Youth Training Camp.
Their blocker on the right side was late
getting there! Hit it that way!
You would've run me over
then! I would've died!
Er... They seem to be arguing
about something...
Then dodge me!
That's, like, your one talent!
I wonder if they'll be okay.
What?!
Kageyama, serve, damn it!
Man... They've got someone insane.
Yes.
He's gifted with this much technique,
instinct, and passion...
Perhaps it's because of that passion,
but he didn't stand out much.
Kitagawa Daichi Loses
in a Close Game
But now...
The world will find Kageyama-kun.
Oh, please... That's an over-exaggeration.
Or not.
Even the Smallest Stream Can Become a Great River Tsubakihara Academy Volleyball Club
We didn't come here to stop their #10.
We came here to win.
The moment we're stuck focusing on their #10
is the moment we're stuck in their trap.
Just keep doing your read blocking.
That'll keep the pressure on them.
Right!
There's no reason to panic.
There's no need to do what we can't do.
Bump the ball and attack. It's that simple.
Just fight the way you always do.
Right!
All right! Let's turn the tide
on this "Go, go, Karasuno" mood!
Yeah!
Maru!
Yes!
Nice receive!
We didn't just come here to participate...
We came here...
to win!
They got one in!
Even the Smallest Stream Can Become a Great River Tsubakihara Academy Volleyball Club
Tsubakihara smashes that one
with their classic move!
The set from Echigo to Teradomari!
Yeah!
Nice kill!
Karasuno                                                                         Tsubakihara
All right! Their #10's in the back now!
I mean, I do feel better that
their #10 is in the back row,
but things still sorta suck for me.
Because now this persistent guy,
whose was even able to
block Ushiwaka is up front.
One touch!
Daichi, get the last!
Free ball!
Nice, Maiko!
What an intense rally!
Both teams have completely loosened up now!
Tera!
Three blockers!
#4, Teradomari.
He's got way more height and power than
you'd expect from a high-schooler...
But he tends to use cross
shots over anything else.
Ready, and...
Don't underestimate me!
A line shot?!
I moved too far forward!
Nice save!
Asahi-san!
Yes!
Karasuno                                                                         Tsubakihara
Man...
I'm can't tell if Hinata has really
good luck or really bad luck...
Nope. Shoyo actually meant
to be there right now.
An attack from the back line!
A dink?
I moved too far forward again!
Get the last hit over, Tanaka!
Out!
Don't just hit the ball as hard
as you can every time, Tanaka!
Okay.
He's still trying out, but he's
already showing he doesn't care.
He's got good instincts, though.
He's joining our team?
He hits the ball back
to the perfect spot.
He sure is paying attention.
Echigo, get the last!
The setter, Kageyama, gets the first touch.
They limited the possible attacks by having
Karasuno's setter receive the ball.
Tsukishima!
Right!
Left!
Azumane-san!
Tsukishima's able to pull off anything,
even if he's not the best at it.
But even if this set is a bit clumsy...
It's still full of care!
Get the last!
The toss is too low! It's too sloppy!
Wow... I'm kinda moved...
Three blockers!
All right!
#3 Azumane smashed the ball
off three blockers!
Karasuno                                                                         Tsubakihara
Karasuno manages to get
two consecutive points!
Azumane... I guess it's not just
your looks that got better!
Yeah.
Tsukishima! Nice toss!
Uh, thanks.
It's still really hard to get
an idea of distance here.
To be honest, that was half luck.
Could you not react the exact
same way Hinata would?
What?!
Even the Smallest Stream Can Become a Great RiverTsubakihara Academy Volleyball Club
Man, is their #10 a pro at
body slams, or something?
Use your hands!
He's not just relying on his
usual animal instincts...
He was actually reading.
Right...
Even if it's not a powerful hit, it doesn't
mean they're just gonna drop it up front.
Nice deflect!
Free ball!
Get them, Hinata!
Back minus tempo!
Even his attack from the back row
is incredibly fast. Hinata Shoyo!
Karasuno                                                                         Tsubakihara
Don't panic! Let's cut them off!
Right!
Damn it!
No worries. We're getting to the ball.
Let's keep our eyes on their blocks!
Karasuno's tiny #10 looks like
he's stopped in midair.
He sucks at receiving, but
he's damn good at attacking.
Sugawara-san, what's a back minus tempo?
It's Hinata and Kageyama's minus
tempo attack from the back line.
Sounds cool, right? Am I right?
How about adding "thunder" at the end!?!
But then it'd just sound like one of
your special techniques, Nishinoya.
Hey.
You'd better not mess up the serve
once we finish our timeout.
Of course I won't.
Out!
Sorry!
Karasuno                                                                         Tsubakihara
Oh, no... I'm up...
Kinoshita! Get a nice one over!
Aim for #4... Aim for #4...
Out!
Lucky, lucky, Tsuba High!
Even the Smallest Stream Can Become a Great River Tsubakihara Academy Volleyball Club
Sorry about that...
Don't worry, next time.
I mean, I thought I managed to hit it
way calmer than I thought I'd be...
And I managed to hit it in
the direction I meant to.
That wasn't so bad for me...
That's right... Be ambitious.
Karasuno                                                                                          Tsubakihara
And there it is. Karasuno High School
is at set point for the first set.
Damn it. He has to serve right now?
Lucky, lucky, Tsuba High!
Damn it!
Shake it off, shake it off!
Don't sweat it!
Karasuno                                                                         Tsubakihara
Tsubakihara Academy will be bringing in
first-year pinch server Himekawa Aoi.
Apparently, this is Himekawa's
first official match.
Yikes...
He's way more nervous than I am...
An underhand serve?
Haikyu!!
Karasuno                                                                         Tsubakihara
O-Okay...
Fly
Let's just take that... Yeah!
Talk about lucky!
That sure was something!
Who the hell misses an underhand serve?
That must've hurt!
He's gonna have nightmares
about that forever...
You can't be serious.
S-Sorry—
Seriously...
That was such a beautiful sound!
If you're gonna nail someone, pick
someone other than me, Himekawa!
Tera-san?!
Uh, isn't that a bit mean?
More importantly, our serves the
whole last half weren't that great.
I know! Sorry, okay?
We won't get anywhere if we
can't get our serves in.
I'm very aware of that!
All right. You guys warmed up?
Yes.
Yeah, we're warmed up.
So much so I'm beat.
Sugawara-san, could you not mimic my voice?
I still haven't gotten the hang
of the distances in here.
Yeah, it's not gonna be that easy.
Fly
Even the Smallest Stream Can Become a Great River Tsubakihara Academy Volleyball Club
Karasuno                                                                         Tsubakihara
Nice kill!
Himekawa!
Feel bad for me and I'll kick your ass.
I'm gonna be in the next match anyway.
You just think about how to make the best
use out of the few chances you get.
Karasuno                                                                         Tsubakihara
The play that's the hardest to
control mentally on the court
is the serve.
It's not your teammates who won't
forgive you when you mess up...
It's yourself.
Is he doing another...
He served into the ceiling?!
It's not fast enough that they can't react,
and it's not powerful enough
to blow any of them away...
Got it!
But this surprisingly...
works pretty well, doesn't it?
Even the Smallest Stream Can Become a Great River Tsubakihara Academy Volleyball Club
Sorry!
Don't worry about it!
Nice serve, Himekawa! Nice serve, Himekawa!
Nice serve, Himekawa! One more time!
All right!
Nice serve, Himekawa!
We're counting on you!
Right now...
This ceiling...
is on my side.
That ceiling serve... was so cool!
Got it!
Uh oh! Karasuno just let the ball drop!
Sorry! That was my bad!
I got in your way.
Hey! What the hell are you
even calling the ball for?!
That's two service aces
in a row for Himekawa!
Tsubakihara Academy has taken the lead!
Got it!
Left!
The front!
Right!
Nice receive!
Nice kill, Motoki! Nice kill, Motoki!
Karasuno                                                                         Tsubakihara
Karasuno couldn't help but
take their second timeout.
Please try to get the ball
higher when you receive.
It's fine if it's short,
as long as it's high.
Sorry...
We've got the momentum back!
Their team's starting to panic, too.
Let's keep it up!
Yeah!
One more!
Right!
I don't really get this "momentum" thing.
But...
I can tell it's on our side!
Oh, so this is...
Ooh, here it comes!
Their #10 is already... But there
are guys coming from both sides!
Wait, the back left, too!
This is...
nationals!
Himekawa.
Get ready for the third set.
Right!
Karasuno                                                                         Tsubakihara
80%...
And there it is! A flawless ace!
Yes!
Yeah!
Karasuno High School is slowly closing in!
Don't worry about it!
We have Teradomari.
Wait, me?
Echigo's always keeping his cool.
Thanks.
That samurai guy's serve is super strong,
but I'm sure if all four of us go
for the ball, we'll somehow manage.
I really wish you would've said you'd
go after the ball yourself there,
especially as a third-year.
Asahi, get one more!
All right!
And there's a dink!
It's way too early to go home just yet!
Captain Echigo sure is keeping busy.
You've gotta have guts to pull
through a situation like this.
As you'd expect from the third-years.
Damn it! Is he Weary-shima already?!
That jerk definitely
just blamed this on me.
That was definitely higher than usual!
That's right.
It's still too early...
for us to go home!
Karasuno                                                                                    Tsubakihara
Match point...
They get this, and they win.
Kageyama said this was just
another step towards our goal,
but for me, it basically feels
like I've finally arrived.
Nice serve.
Nice serve!
I can't even tell if I'm
actually nervous or not.
Suga-san, nice serve!
Get a great serve over!
But my mind is clear.
We're counting on you, Suga.
I know what I have to do.
Bring it on!
Uh oh! Looks like their
receive was a bit shaky.
They aimed right for where the
setter would have to get the ball.
Tera!
#4 Teradomari.
He's got both height and power.
He usually hits exactly where it
looks like his body's going to hit.
Sorry, someone follow up!
Tanaka!
That was perfect!
Nice receive!
Damn it! That was a weak-ass spike!
Maru-san!
Left! Left!
Three blockers!
#1 Maruyama.
And that ball definitely went
flying off the blocker's hands!
But...
There's Sugawara!
#1 Maruyama.
He's good at wipes, but there's always
the possibility he'll go for a dink.
After I saw Karasuno play at nationals,
I decided to come to Karasuno!
Thank you for having us!
Even then...
If the opportunity comes...
Make sure you grab it!
Go!
Stop them!
Opportunities...
present themselves to
those who have prepared.
Karasuno                                                                         Tsubakihara
Episode 12: Vivid
Next time: "Vivid."